hello friends here the chief held the
chain to take the pastry I hope
that you're fine
we will see together today
a very easy recipe fast to
delicious ferrer this one is going to us
serve for the recipe of the week
next that I reserve you for the
federated but it will be an excellent cake
easy to do is just perfect for the
winner so we will start we need
sugar whites we're going to go squeeze
by mounting them with the fruit in the
drummer then three months and mix
the yolks with the sugar we will do them
whip while whites are in
so go up his tanks whiten
to put the young ones is very slightly
at the end of the round and has like here at
change color but white we smell
go up then I incorporate some of
my plans I put some of the
flour
I still eat so following a little bit of
white a little flour 1 only that
flour until there is more
let go of the end I have to work I am
so you measure your mold to
charlotte it must be between 5 and 6 cm
you make strokes to return
especially your leaf to prevent the
pen our marks on the biscuit
I know my leaf with a bit of
biscuit yesterday with a price of it
him and I start to train with a
nairobi socket
be careful not to overflow
the other cookies to the forces have a
slightly inflated otherwise it'll get
on the other the paf armand enchants
it's the oven and finally to heat to 175
180 degrees
me
in the meantime dressage you will put have
the info also the link of the recipe with
the big picture to the rose with
through figures anguish that
I had already realized this island will be
perfect on occasion we had realized
to his mom case it wanted to go way
clear
m
then I'm going to pick up mans biscuits
icing sugar
that's what will crust on the
biscuit yesterday
and that's the only way he'll have
bake the biscuit so after 7
minutes
levis released him achieve the biscuit
yesterday so do not hesitate to join you
to join me on social networks
facebook twitter google + was not and
where is the video to share it ?
rained
I tell you next friday for
new video put
m